you know what no one likes spoiled
little kids no one likes them it's time
for dr. Phil to destroy completely
annihilate these spoiled brats
this kid is called Gabriella she's 14
years old she drinks she smokes some uh
something and she likes to do whatever
she wants
crack at her eye but you're breaking the
law okay oh yeah okay what did you just
say what'd you say she's worse than I am
what'd you say do you think this is a
joke yes okay you think this is a joke
because this is not gonna be funny in
about five minutes he's scared dr. Phil
is gonna kill her
dr. Phil is gonna destroy yeah dad I'm
dr. Phil as always kids don't just
become psycho by themself there's always
a parent involved to lead them down that
path this time it's the mom but both of
you both of you did not love her enough
[Music]
Wow Wow
so what is really happening here Felix
don't worry I will explain all right I
wrote in to dr. Phil because I was so
worried about what's going on with my
granddaughter
what's going on completely terrifies me
grandma is concerned about her
granddaughter what does she do contact
the authorities maybe try and get some
help or called dr. Phil God bless this
grandma she knew what the right thing to
do was ridicule her online which will
stay there forever or just saddle things
privately somebody had better do
something around here there's something
very wrong with this picture
sorry I agree 100% is that a can of
beans swimming in that can is that beans
that's gotta be beams someone stopped
the beam me please she's just rolling I
knew it
I feel Gabrielle needs to be taken away
from her mother the bottom line is when
I think about what Kaylie has done to
Gabrielle I hope she goes to jail
damn you've been listening to our
conversation so far correct yes I have
and and you actually wrote in and asked
for me to get involved in this situation
what was the prime driver what made you
what was the primary thing that made you
write in
the views okay that's a great question
by the way why did you why did you
contact I never understand they surely
must get paid for this why would you
write dr. Phil if you can afford your
own psychiatrist why is dr. feel like
the last resort I mean I enjoy it I'll
take a I just don't get it I love my
granddaughter no yes and money I love
her to pieces and I've seen what she has
done to her she's a loving caring person
and I've watched it i watch what you've
done to her you have messed her up
that's a great cost
they're very nice so what is wrong with
the mum well let's just jump into it
let's just get into the mother Shirley
she can't be that bad I what did she do
that such a big deal five months after
Kaylee and I had separated Gabrielle
came home and she dropped a big bomb she
was 11 years old at the time
I explained to my daughter that I was a
professional dominatrix excuse me could
you say that again she was 11 years old
at the time I explained to my daughter
that I was a professional dominatrix
she's a dummy what no once I'd like to
wear the thing and spank the thing 50
shapes of things okay that seems like an
appropriate thing to tell your
eleven-year-old daughter I don't see why
not
she's been drinking alcohol she and
Gabrielle were smoking pot together
my daughter has also been sexually
active sex is a natural thing we eat we
use the bathroom we shower and we have
sex it's not a big deal
your wife has become a dominatrix and
you send your daughter to live with her
I get here this morning and they're
telling me that over the weekend three
security guards are standing outside
your hotel door you had been very loud
smoking marijuana disturbing other gifts
and through a used feminine product
what feminine product what is he
referring to so if you arrived at the
way I love these reactions that they add
in just tell people even the audience to
make silly faces surely that's not that
shocking I don't think there's a lot of
people that maybe a lot of things that
made me go except when I really yawn I'm
top everybody smash like on this video
if you yawn the West building the next
afternoon with your daughter and
apologized and admit that you and
Gabrielle just got high last night and
then braless you pull out your breasts
in front of the staff in the lobby and
explain I sometimes get naked when I get
irritated what I sometimes get naked
when I'm irritated as you do and
sometimes I take a poop when I'm tired
you smoke marijuana with her yeah we
smoked before we meditate come on she's
here so let's hear from Gabriela what's
what this relationship is like my dad
really does want me to act like some
typical white girl it's just not me my
dad just wants me to be a typical white
girl tsunami sex about a year ago I feel
like I'm completely to be in a sexual
relationship just because I have so
funny they're always so delusional all
kids are stupid okay
there's nothing wrong with it it's just
when they're especially stupid that it
becomes funny I love my mom's work I so
respect my mom's work and I said
treasure my mom's work only because the
way her eyes light up when she talks to
me
wait she likes that her mom is a
dominatrix because her eyes lit up when
she talks about it hey kid let me tell
you about my job I spank people okay so
great
sharing your passions with your daughter
I feel bad for the daughter I really do
it like she deserves better parents
Gabrielle is a teenager she's a young
lady
this is beyond inappropriate it's crazy
some people might say that I'm a
prostitute
Susie said that I'm a self-made four I
love what I do and I don't care what
anybody thinks much less we take well
you just reiterated what he said so
therefore you do care uh-huh point
proven
wrong-o lib tard like to address your
understanding of my profession okay so
while what they do is sexual in nature
it's not sexual in work it's about the
idea of that and it's a very deep
subject so it's probably another topic
but it's a very deep topic that topic of
dominatrix say you wouldn't possibly
understand dr. Phil maybe we can come
back later and we can discuss this
you're here for your daughter okay just
get that right no one cares
it's about fantasy does that make sense
I'll take your word for it huh
come on doctor you know you know exactly
I know what goes on in a dr. Phil house
my daughter understands what it is and
it's a it's important why what's
important about it why is it important
for your daughter to know about it it's
so weird you have your daughter right
now and where do you live we don't
really live anywhere we've been waiting
for my settlement from CJ to get our new
place and so now we've just been with
different friends this is what happens
when you marry a thought okay I bad it's
like a bad bad night you never truly
recovered from them you smoked marijuana
with her I do now yeah we smoked before
we meditate together so the mama
explains why she likes her smoke we
and it's basically because at least then
she'll know that it's nothing bad in the
weed besides you know like if you buy it
on the street we can sometimes I don't
know how to think about this okay so
just I don't know that's her for lots of
things
she's 14 agreed and I agreed she is 14
agreed I guess I suppose we can't agree
that she is 14 years old
this whole weed issue however I tried to
find a way to talk to her wish to hear
me and tried to get on board with me
because if I tell even if I tell her
listen I don't think I don't want a
video of that and when she posting that
and one thing
well she she'll do it behind my back
she'll do it behind my back so just
smoking dope with your daughter at a
concert I wasn't smoking she you're with
your daughter smoking dope
so her excuses that she'll just do it
anyway she's out of control I can't
control her but you're doing it right
next to her the moms response well I
wasn't doing it it was my daughter who
was smoking not me I would never I feel
my mom and I are like twins we're so
much alike
we're identical we have the same
thoughts cuz he both are haha get it did
I just call a 14 year old I thought I
did that joke came out wrong okay it
worked for a half a second okay I'll
take it
I feel like I'm completely immature
enough to be in a sexual relationship
just because I have all this knowledge
and understanding I just have so much
knowledge and understand at the age of
14 my mine I am very smart my mind are
very big a booga dooga doo my mom teach
me very important lessons about life hey
kid you want to hear more about not a
ninja spanking how do you define a
polyamorous relationship a relationship
where two people love each other but
have sexual relations with other people
okay wait it's not an open poly is when
you love more than one person right
ability capable to love more than one
person at a time yeah you're talking
about an overly so you're in a
polyamorous relationship we
because you say how can one person give
you everything yeah you're 14 which does
that seem to you young to be sexually
active in a relationship no because
according to everybody else in this room
and everybody on the planet they have
their own stereotypes in their own
statistics for how things are supposed
to be the way the things are supposed to
be you're supposed to do this at this
age and this at this age and you can't
do these things when you're this age
because why why can't I do these things
like to fill
wow that's pretty judgmental you just
judged everybody in this room and you
don't know what one of them no one's the
only one of this show that's the point
the show isn't to judge you the whole
point of the show is to try to get you
some help that's a quick I love these
kids who think they have figured out the
entire world and he had this stupid mom
who enables it as well
she's so woke okay she's so welcome so
the filling goes on or the drill filling
drilling get it got really good jokes
today I really I'm really feeling it and
Gabrielle and her mom are getting a
little they're getting a little
irritated they're getting a little
impatient the bubble is about to drop
just keep watching by definition of the
law your daughter is not capable of
giving consent because reaches a certain
age that's why we have we're talking
about domination work when a child is a
certain age they don't have the capacity
to give consent
that's why adults are charged with
making those decisions for them and
protecting them you're supposed to be
able to see around corners and when you
say I'm giving her dope because all kids
smoke dope anyway that's absolutely
unequivocally untrue
you can roll your arms
I bet she's she's probably high right
now she's so true
I don't care such a bad hair you can be
sarcastic all you want you are
committing a crime and you can tell you
can hear me or you can tell it to a
judge but you are committing a crime
this is the medical director of DCFS
this is the man making that decision
the director can a crime tell him this
is not a matter of opinion you are
providing your child with alcohol you
are providing her with marijuana you are
allowing her knowingly to have sex and
you're telling her about the things
these are crimes
they look so dumbfounded they just can't
understand because their fight there in
this room were and no one likes them
right everyone is against them and they
just don't seem to understand why but
statute is a crime okay do you not
understand that I do understand that
yeah that you're but I explained why why
I do it if you want to if you want to
have a crack at her I but you're
breaking the law
okay yeah what do you say do you think
this is a joke yes okay you think this
is a joke because this is not going to
be funny in about five minutes he's
scared do you have any idea what the
research says about the neurological
impact of that on a teenage brain no I
don't care I told well that tells me the
research is correct
[Applause]
why would a normal child we know this
ability which is questionable need to
smoke three times a day all right
my favorite bit this is it this is where
she crashed what I like watching
children crying is there anything wrong
with that didn't think so
so dr. Phil proposes these are both
terrible patterns right the only way to
really save this child is to send her
off to the ranch to the Ranger there I
think you really only have one
reasonable choice to send her to a place
called turn around
Ranch the ranch that's right you're
going to the ranch
you're going through the rag this makes
me so happy
I might seem cruel here but the
turnabout range seems awesome
okay I would love to go to the
tournament range okay real ranch really
values they got bananas and I think why
turnabout Ranch is so affected I like a
three-legged stool make em --ax there's
therapy and then there's abolish tables
raps life is is gonna teach her lots of
great things you're just gonna ride
horses what's the big deal what's so bad
about the ranch I don't get it no that's
a climb for the ranch you and you must
be willing to work in creating a
co-parenting plan while she's gone can I
go to the range dr. Phil please maybe I
should fake being a psycho kid end up on
dr. Phil go to the range and then I can
make a react video out of that video
look at her she's like ready to kill dr.
Phil how dare you send me to the ranch
your prediction is they'll remove this
child from the home before dark today
right solutely yeah see that's the thing
well their parents are doing is illegal
so she'll be taken away anyway you got
that or the rain remember such as the
grandmother who can then make the
decision the sender to turn about ranch
or she'll go into foster care if you
don't want her but there's no way in
hell they're going to allow her to stay
parented by you two until you build yes
okay I hate that I hate you I want a TV
show around the turnabout range imagine
just imagine like a reality TV show
we're all the psycho kids go and at the
end of it's kind of like Hunger Games
with psycho kids you know you don't feel
bad because they're psycho right so the
old fight for survival on the range I
think with the right people in mind the
right people shooting it I think it
could be a hit dr. Phil hit me up please
listening to her cry it's tough because
you know she's my little girl
I know otherwise we wouldn't be here on
the ranch with oh I hate you more
stop yeah dr. Phil can we send her to
the death the ranch I know I'm a good
mother waves when she go to the ranch
wrong with you you're a bad mother
because she needs to go through the
ranch hold yourself accountable for in
one second you know good leather
otherwise we wouldn't be here to be
going around swishing can I tell you by
some dominator please can we have the
dr. Phil dominating that helps my
daughter then god bless god bless bye
grandma for sending in the psycho kids
if you have a psycho kid and you're a
grandma watching I urge you to type in
to dr. Phil right now and send her off
to the ranch that's it for me for now
thank you guys so much for watching if
you enjoyed this video smash like
subscribe and become a sponsor I can't
do the live stream because I got a
copyright strike for playing dis Pacita
I'm trying to figure it out
I know it's really bad that I promised
to do a live stream and then I can't but
I'm trying to figure it out okay so
become a sponsor
[Music]